From the East Village, New York City,
UCB Eastside, the cool one.
Harmontown is now in session.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Eastside, Eastside Rap.
It's the best burrow.
I think.
East, Eastside, Eastside Rap.
Give me a second.
Just give me a second.
Eastside, Westside, Westside, South.
Name two burrows.
You're interrupting my rap.
All right, starting over, starting over.
Starting over, here we go.
Eastside, yeah.
Eastside, Manhattan is a burrow.
Eastside, the Bronx is a burrow.
Eastside, Staten Island is a burrow.
Fuck you.
Bonus burrow.
Name two more burrows.
I know all six of them.
I've memorized them based on the fingers on my hand,
like Papus, or whoever that rapper was.
Maybe I'm racist.
Yo, yo, yo, racist Eastside Rap.
My ring finger is Staten Island,
because all your mamas are going to Highland.
That's a street in Staten Island.
You don't know as much about New York as I do.
My middle finger is from the Bronx,
because I'm like, fuck you.
And I look at King Kong, who's a New York character.
Famous to me.
Yo, 9-Eleven happened here.
Why are we talking about that?
Don't do that in your rap.
It's a terrible way to start your New York rap,
but I don't give a fuck.
That's New York style.
I walk with a swagger and I walk for miles,
because you can't get a cab if you're truly awesome,
because you're usually black if you are.
Yo, white guilt, white guilt rap.
Eastside racist, white guilt rap.
I love black people.
What you think about that?
Fuck my dog.
I always pick up the crap,
because I follow municipal orders.
I love the government.
But only the local one.
The street government.
Yo, local government.
Civic statutes, motherfucker.
7125.8.
Park with your wheels turned toward the curb, motherfucker.
That's more of a guideline that they teach you
to avoid your damage to your own car
or hurting people,
but it's still a civic social contract.
Part of the social contract, motherfucker.
Take your garbage out, bitch.
But if it's shaped weird, do it on Friday.
And call them.
Tell them there's a Christmas tree out here, motherfucker.
Isn't that regular garbage?
That's just, you just put it out there on Wednesday.
Yo, yo, yo.
East side, west side, pants and hats.
I fucked your mama under the sea dance.
I'm Marty McFly.
I got them together.
I said, I'm gonna fuck her instead.
Like a feather.
What?
So I fucked her.
That means I fucked her light and gentle.
And during the opening of Forrest Gump.
I fucked her like a feather.
I fucked your mama like a CG feather.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's have a hand for DJ Koi over here.
It's...
DJ Koi.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah, don't get him confused with DJ Koi.
He's a...
DJ Koi?
Yeah.
Yeah, cause I'm also...
I'm so New York that I love black people and Jews.
I use their words for non-Jews to refer to us.
It's kind of like the N-word for Koi.
Like, I call you a Koi.
Cause I'm street.
What's up, Koi?
You've been in New York for a few days.
You're already that street?
Yeah.
The city invented streets, bitch.
I keep wanting to say the N-word to be authentic.
Just fucking do it.
What's the worst thing that could happen?
Who could be listening?
And who could ever profit from such a thing?
Who would ever want to humiliate me
or make me seem like a bad person?
There's no way to dip a paddle in that stream.
I've never... I can't even conceive of it.
Little old me?
You're a Sony anymore, NBC.
You're a freestyler, man.
Yeah, I'm a free fucking antenna for a horrible clickbait.
Drop a couple n-bombs, man.
Use this beautiful moment in time to just spread your wings
and just be really racist.
I feel like you'd love it if I did that
and I feel like you're a bad person.
But we're Koi, so...
What'd you call me?
New York Wacom. That was all the cold open at the time.
We're here at the...
We're here on the...
We're in the East Village.
Yeah, and the prestigious heroin district.
Yeah, I walk around here and I look at the bricks
and I really understand everything about the city.
Could you live here, Dan?
Did you say work took you here and you had to work on a show
for two years?
Could you enjoy living in the city here?
Yeah, I could.
I don't think I would be functional.
I get lost in LA and I've lived there forever.
I got lost in Milwaukee before that and I just...
I don't want to give myself excuses,
but I believe I don't have a sense of direction.
You're not supposed to define yourself by your limitations.
You're not supposed to say, I'm bad at math.
You're supposed to open a textbook and word...
It's just another...
I feel like I breathe that New York air
and I just want to fucking like...
I want to put a fucking flourish on this shit.
It's like...
And you know I don't mean a dehumanized black person
when I say it.
It's like I mean you and you and the Statue of Liberty
and the pretzel maker.
You're one of your New York salty pretzel makers
and your water that you have flown in from Chicago
so your pizza could taste right?
I don't know what to do.
Someone said, no.
Your bridges and tunnels and the crowds
that come through them and across them
and how wonderful they all are, what a great city.
You're kind of a little bit xenophobic, rather.
You're not crazy about the outside world.
Well, I liked Hercules better.
Comedy show. I got some jokes that I can blow.
If you say Xeno, I think a Xeno.
That was great.
That was like we were like Nichols and May
or Pickles and Puberty.
We were just like Pickles and Puberty.
They were great.
There used to be two center squares in Hollywood Squares
and Pickles and Puberty.
But when Pickles died, Syphilis, they changed it.
There's one square now.
How can there be two center squares?
It was...
Geometrically, how does that lay out?
It was radio. There was no TV yet.
It was the idea that Hollywood Squares was an idea.
Was it on radio first?
Yeah.
That seems like a terrible pitch.
We have a clip of that right now.
Do we really?
Yeah.
The old original 1927 recording of the Hollywood Squares episode.
Come, come, come there.
The first question is to...
Thomas Edison.
What...
Jack and Joe went up the hill.
But Jack got a blank job from Jill.
Thomas Edison.
Ah, blow, blow job.
Whoa, that's not what we expected.
Well, I'm Thomas Edison, motherfucker.
My business is things you didn't expect.
It's called inventions.
Look it up.
Oh, my God, he said it.
Thomas Edison invented the N-word.
On the radio version of Hollywood Squares.
But he meant it hatefully.
He called Tesla.
Tesla, you fucking...
Yeah.
Yeah, he got the World Fair in 1921.
Tesla unveiled alternating current.
And Edison was like, this should be direct.
You're a fucking electrical...
He called him a...
Yeah, he looked at the stuff and he was like,
this is blank rigged, you know?
Like, what are you doing?
You can't electrocute an elephant with this.
Thomas Edison loved electrocuting elephants.
Dan, now that you're quoting historical,
you can attribute it to history.
You know, Obama said it on Zach Galifianakis' show.
You're allowed to quote Edison calling Tesla.
He's so racist, he thinks Zach Galifianakis
looks like Marc Maron.
Oh, Marc Maron, I meant...
That is the super racist.
You're all the way back to not racist.
I think all podcasters are Greek.
Anyways, we're here in the East Village.
It's famous for its pot pies
and its sidewalk pieces.
And it's the fire hydrant
that was used to put out the original New York fire
of 1830.
I'm back there with Wikipedia.
I know it's...
New York had the first fire.
How did that fire start?
There was a monkey...
Back then, it was legal to own them as pets.
And people would bring them,
and they would just...
Ellis Island was actually originally called...
Monkey Island.
Because it was overrun.
They were like cats.
You ever go to a restaurant in Miami?
That many cats.
They were the cats of their time.
That many monkeys?
It was a Miami cat level.
People didn't know how to spay or neuter them.
We didn't know where to start.
Because we would look for their privates,
and we would just see monkey things,
and we didn't know...
We could find a dog penis and a cat penis,
but when we looked at monkeys, there was a problem.
Because I don't know why.
It seems like that would be the opposite.
You'd think you would go,
and I know what I'm looking for.
I think that's why, because we were looking for something
that looked like a human penis, but monkified.
And instead, we saw...
You know what a monkey penis looks like?
It's a gnarled little...
It looks like a claw.
It looks like a raptor claw.
So how did the fire start?
Monkey penises are covered with...
I think you pronounce it like a mollusk shell,
or a rhino horn.
They're very compacted, and they're hard as glass.
They have the texture of glass.
They're white, and they curve and taper to a very sharp point.
So we thought that was like a fin or a knife.
So for a long time, you couldn't swing a cat, ironically,
in New York...
Without hitting a monkey.
And so we was one of them.
That was the fire.
Politically, it was blown out of proportion,
because there was an anti-monkey sentiment in New York.
Was this Tammany Hall back in the old days?
It was Old Boss Tweed, yeah.
Was mayor of New York, and he...
Yeah, they called him the sugar boys.
There's political cartoons where it's Boss Tweed
has got a sash that says mayor, but then he's in front of a trough
that says Israel, and...
And then there's sugar...
But the bags of sugar, for some reason...
He was in late with the monkeys?
Boss Tweed was?
Yeah, because it was all like...
If monkeys were around, then they shit everywhere,
and then it was all the municipal...
Back then, municipal government was just...
It was just your standard monkey grift.
It was just...
Someone's got to clean this up.
And I was like, oh, I'll do it,
and it's fucking Boss Tweed in a costume.
I was like, I got it.
Oh, this is hard. I should have overtime.
You can have it, because there was no...
All of this was happening on the radio,
so no one could see that it's the same guy.
And if you said stuff like,
this is literally the same guy that'd go,
what are you, an anarchist?
Are you like Sacco and Vanzetti?
You could get exterminated for saying that stuff back then.
So how did the fire start?
The legend is...
A legend or is it news?
That's the thing is that it was all...
The truth is...
This was a great New York fire of 1921 or three.
What was it?
18.
The truth is...
It's all right.
The absolute truth is...
That was before Miami.
I looked it up on Snopes.
The actual fact is it was Native Americans started the fire.
That's not a popular thing to say in 18.
There were still Native American cab drivers and...
Even back in 1818?
Yeah.
Manhattan is a Native American word.
That means...
City of the Indians.
It was there...
We discovered Manhattan.
It's like the emerald city for them was...
Now we fucking killed them and don't care.
I care about them.
I'm saying I don't care.
Yo.
How could we do to them?
How could we have been back then?
We were the savages.
We were the monsters.
Red skin, white skin.
What's the difference when you put a bullet down?
You're gonna get some gibbons.
They're like monkeys that come from Alaska.
You put them in a boat.
Don't ask me what to do about that.
Have you noticed I've got really bad at rap?
In the last five episodes of podcast...
New York used to have more cats.
Rap a tap, tap, tap.
Yo.
Okay, come on.
Let's stop fucking around.
This whole thing is like...
There's people here that haven't seen the show and they're like,
this is the show?
No, it's not the show.
What happened to your rap?
My show is an examination of the...
Dan, Dan.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
Why is your rap suffering lately?
You used to be so good at it.
Don't give me Jack Benny arms.
Don't ratchester me.
I will tell you the truth and I can tell you from your sarcasm
that you won't agree with this
and that you'll probably be amused by it
that I'm telling you the honest truth of my theory
to answer your honest question.
What is our show if not dealing with the honest truth?
My actual honest answer to your question
for which I will be punished.
Not by me.
Well, I don't think so.
Because you were sarcastic.
There's a bubble of insincerity around you.
No, stop!
There's a bubble of sincerity around me.
I'm going to tell you the honest answer.
Why is your rap suffering?
The honest answer is because I feel too confident
and comfortable doing it
because I've done too many great raps.
See?
And there's no...
There's nothing...
There's no...
There's no anxiousness.
Is there a client here?
It's an art form from the streets.
The streets are an anxious, nervous place.
You have to be feral and skittish to rap really well.
You have to feel like if this rap doesn't work
I might not have supper tonight.
I have to rap for my supper.
I don't have to rap for my supper.
I can walk in here, lay a shit beat down.
That beats that shit.
Whoever made that for free, please don't...
That was by Joey Woodward.
I can drop the opposite of science.
I can drop social studies.
Are you saying that...
I can drop Jim.
I don't have to drop Mad...
I don't have to drop Mad Science anymore.
I can drop Happy Jim.
The opposite of Mad Science.
You're saying you're so comfortable with rap
that you're not good anymore at it?
You've become too complacent?
Yes, yes, yes.
How do we shake you out of that complacency
and get you back into that raw, feral mode?
Well, not by telling me I'm bad at it.
I didn't tell you...
You said backstage...
You told me backstage...
I've lost my mojo with the rapping.
Don't you think we've rapped too much already?
Just try as an experiment.
Just play a really, really, really fast...
What's your fastest beat?
I just got to be off balance.
I have to stop owning the art of rapping so much.
I have to remember what it's like to be a guest in rap.
Yo, yo, empty, empty, empty head, empty head.
Yo, yo, rapping, rapping.
Yo, yo, yo, my microphone's a weapon.
I'm a warrior. I fucked your mama so hard.
I felt even sorry for her pussy when I tenderized it
with my pussy is my dick and my dick is my pussy.
What?
Yo, yo, yo, my pussy is my dick
and my dick is my pussy.
Yo, yo, I said my penis is a dick
and my dick is a penis.
I fucked your mom like my name was Ennis
from Duke's of Hazard.
He spun off...
You're 25.
I feel it.
Yo, Houston Avenue. Houston?
Houston.
Yo, yo, Houston Avenue.
East and West.
I fucked your mama so hard that she exploded her chest.
My penis was deep and it came out of her nipple
and it was a...
Yeah, I agree, I agree.
So you saying ew doesn't make me feel nervous.
That was my point.
You might as well be saying ew while you're watching
like a bomb go off in Hurtlocker.
Do you think the director would be like,
oh no, I made Hurtlocker wrong?
No, that's her point.
Your generation is...
You don't get it.
Trust me, trust me.
And you need to accept it.
You always want that explained to you
when an old person says it.
You guys are always walking on Houston Avenue.
Yeah.
You're like, oh, am I in Texas?
No, it's a fucking different word.
You pronounce it differently.
You fucking holograms.
You fucking Pokemons.
You fucking like hoverboards.
You fucking... You fucking Jumanji's.
You Jumanji-eating Vitamix-using fucking Macha-drinking
fucking supplement-taking...
Say it, say it.
Say it.
Fucking say it.
No.
The heart wants what it wants, Dan.
The heart wants what it wants.
Why don't you guys make your stamps more expensive?
What the fuck are you doing?
Pick a price.
Fucking youngsters.
When I was a kid,
stamps were cheaper.
You guys are crazy.
What do you think you're going to find a stamp price
that's going to make you a good people?
It's a sticker on an envelope.
Wake up.
The laziest George Carlin.
That's funny, the idea of like a curmudgeon
who's crediting like...
Stamps.
We don't...
I don't have to explain what I was going for.
But I'm telling you, I thought it was funny
because you didn't and I want you to know I don't care.
I have something called agency.
Ever heard of it?
Why are you attacking the crowds so much right now?
You're coming at them.
They're from New York.
They respect you if you're like...
This isn't fucking la-la land
where we can make them applaud by coating ourselves
in marshmallows.
I'm sure you would kind of be into that,
but you know, they want...
You need to be salty in New York.
They put it on the streets here when it snows.
It's a salty city.
You know what Manhattan means in Native American?
It means the city of...
It's a salty city.
It's just crazy.
Jack Gleason was born here.
Jack Gleason.
And he died on...
on vacation.
And up here outside of Staten Island
where the ferry is.
And we're going to talk about that later
and a bunch of other stuff.
But first, let's...
We forgot to bring up Spencer.
Spencer!
Yo, yo, yo.
Hey, guys.
That was my bad.
You got to bring this guy up, man.
These guys just got cheated out of all...
Spencer could have been up here the whole time, but just...
But they don't know.
Spencer is now, like, loaded.
It's lock, stock, and barrel.
All right, let me have it.
Barrel?
Spencer laid on his New York.
What do you think?
I think the buildings, they're going to fall apart.
In California, there's earthquakes.
The building codes are really higher,
and it makes me really nervous
when I'm not around those California-secured buildings.
No offense.
Not any of your faults, probably.
So when you walk around these buildings
that have been here for a long, long time,
you feel like they might crumble at any moment?
Yeah, I mean, you know how many, like, cars
or, like, trucks or, like, Kool-Aid Man
can, like, burst through a brick wall?
Just take out a city block.
Do you feel that L.A. is more Kool-Aid Man secure?
You know how you never see Kool-Aid Man in L.A.?
They don't set out to prevent Kool-Aid Man-ery,
but by making a building earthquake-proof,
like, Kool-Aid Man bounces off of those things.
He walks into the front door.
You know what his catchphrase is in L.A.?
What?
Oh, no.
Is that right?
Yeah.
The Kool-Aid Man has to change his catchphrase
when he's in L.A.
There are no Kool-Aid commercials anymore.
They're just, like, they're being so nice.
They're like, I'm sure I'll look it up later,
I'm sure there's such a thing as a Kool-Aid Man,
and I'm sure he, I'm sure, like,
maybe his catchphrase was, oh, yes.
Go on YouTube and look up what we're talking about.
Kool-Aid Man used to, he was kind of a terrorist.
He would, there would be thirsty children at a party,
and they'd go, I'm thirsty, and a giant terrorist
would burst through the wall.
It was a man, it wasn't a man, it was a monster.
It was an anthropomorphic jug, a jar of, a jug,
a pitcher, an anthropomorphic pitcher of Kool-Aid
with a face on it.
I think the kids know.
There's been Family Guy episodes about this.
Oh, okay, Family Guy.
All right, go watch Family Guy
so you can understand my comedy.
I wanted to throw the drink down,
but then I was like, I'd be, I'd just say it.
Say the word, Dan.
Say the word.
I'm not gonna say your hate-filled word.
I'm on, I'm on that absinthe right now.
Oh, you drank, did you drink some of,
some of Jane's absinthe?
I might have drank more than other people who drank it.
Yeah.
Our friend, is it cooked, Jane Cook?
It makes, it's so close to Dane Cook that she...
And Dane Cook did a bit about the Kool-Aid man.
He doesn't like it when juice wears tights.
Yeah, from that album in like 19, I don't know.
So I'm treading in safe water, that's what we're saying.
You took it in a whole new left field direction.
His catchphrase is, oh no, in LA.
When you're at a party as a kid in LA and you go,
I'm thirsty, sometimes you'll hear a thud.
And then like a crack of glass, the shattering of glass.
And someone saying, oh no.
And that's how you know that you should buy Kool-Aid.
Because remember, the commercials aren't for architecture.
No.
If they were, the Kool-Aid corporation would be like,
let's not air this, but there are LA commercials
where you hear the thud and you hear, oh no.
And they say, look, it's still fucking delicious.
You just can't get into your house unless you invite him in.
He's like a vampire.
Yeah, let the right Kool-Aid jug in.
Except unlike a vampire, when you do invite him in,
then he goes, I'm trying, I can't fit.
Why do you think I come through the wall?
Cover on the back.
We have a backyard.
We have a, like, we have to have my birthday party
at a stadium with a dome so that you can hear, oh yeah,
and he's dropped it.
Dumb.
I got excited.
I got stuttered.
And I was like, why did he stutter for that?
Why did that make him excited?
Did he think it was going to be neat to what he said?
Honey, what do you think causes Dan stutter?
I think it seems like when he gets really excited about what
he's going to say next, why would he be excited about that
stadium thing?
Well, he doesn't always know, sweetie.
It's not a written show.
He's not a proud person.
The show's not called Dan Harmon's Proud of Himself.
And even if it was, the content of the show doesn't need
to prove the title right.
There's no bondage in family ties.
Knight Rider doesn't wear armor and they doesn't exist.
There's nobody named Knight Rider in that show.
There's a guy named Knight.
The car's name is Kit.
Look it up.
This is all New York shit.
You should be into this.
It should be called Kit Rider.
Thank you.
I'll be here till Thursday.
Why?
I think that's when I go home.
You hear till Thursday?
I think.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, we're being rude to our guest.
So here's the thing.
In introducing this, our friend, I want to explain to you why
I'm here.
It's for UNICEF.
There's a basket being passed.
Real funny, they're crippled.
Great.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
UNICEF.
They need your money real bad because some people are born
with the chances you didn't have.
You were born with two arms.
Some people weren't.
Give them money.
Is that what UNICEF is?
UNICEF needs better PR.
So give them money and you can know who they are.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Please help UNICEF tonight.
We've forgotten what they are.
And that is a terrible life for a charity.
UNICEF needs your help before it can go back to helping people.
Help them brand themselves.
Yeah.
I mean, March of Dimes, who could forget them?
I mean, it's like, wow.
Dimes.
Those are obviously the people that...
What does March of Dimes do?
Well, I mean, doesn't that sound like a fucking horrible
horror premise, the March of Dimes?
I always, it always scared me when I would hear that.
Like, I'm sorry.
Don't forget March of Dimes is coming.
Why is that... Why is it scary?
The March of Anything is scary.
Okay.
But Dimes are so small.
Yeah, but it's like, it's not like...
It's like the March of Souls.
Like, it's not... The things aren't March of...
The Souls are terrifying.
It's the March...
But the thing that's...
The March of is not the thing that's marching.
Right, right, okay.
The March of Genocide is Nazis.
The March of Dimes is like...
I don't know what's coming, but it wants your dimes.
And I haven't had any since 1968.
It's worse than a penny because it's smaller.
And there's a guy on it that looks like...
Who's on the dime, Dan?
The dime...
It's Michael Chiklis is on the dime.
If you really look at it...
From my memory, I haven't looked at a dime since
before I heard of Michael Chiklis, but based on...
I'm remembering Michael Chiklis on the dime.
Our next guest played the thing in the first
Fantastic Four movie, Michael Chiklis.
If Michael Chiklis came out right now,
that would be the best segue of all time.
See if you can find Roger Corman's horrible shitty...
I have to hurry up and finish making this movie
or I'll lose the rights to make it.
Fantastic Four movie, which Michael Chiklis plays the thing.
And because he already says it's clobbering time
in the first half of the movie,
he's left with nothing else to say at the end of the movie.
When he comes into the third act, he goes,
it's clobbering time for real.
It's so sad.
It's like an alcoholic dad.
We're going to the zoo and I mean it.
Sorry about the last clobbering time.
It kind of got interrupted.
I fell asleep.
It's the clobbering thought that counts.
My dad hit me ten times more than yours hits you.
And that's the progress.
I consider myself a pacifist compared to him.
You're welcome.
So clobbering time is terrifying for the kids.
March of dimes.
It follows.
That's an innocuous but terrifying.
What follows?
March of dimes.
What do they want?
They want dimes.
Well, but why?
Like pumpkin head.
That's scary because it sounds like dumb.
Oh, fuck.
All right.
Come on.
We have a guest tonight.
So the reason I'm in New York is not for UNICEF.
That was all a joke.
And a scene.
All right.
Yeah.
Touch my hair and then say gross.
So now I'm 11 again.
I just fucked you in the butt.
And then that wasn't enough for you.
That's the greatest compliment a person can give another person is to fuck him right in
the butt.
Right?
Yeah.
Right in New York.
New York is a butt fucking town.
Well, they call it.
Sadami is called a New York salute.
I couldn't think of anything better.
The next guy could come up with something better because he's our guest and he's a professional
comedy writer.
Checklist.
So the reason I'm here in New York is because I'm shooting this thing for IFC.
Ever heard of it?
Unlike these other basic cable networks, their name still means something.
It's a raw bone documentary about monkeys starting the fire of 1921.
I mean, because when you hear the description of the pilot, you'll go, what does that have
to do with independence or film?
But if you really think about it, you'll go, oh, okay.
Because the network is going to, you're going to have a new slogan, like TLC.
It's like, because they show the things.
It's like, duck, duck town.
What is this?
But as if an apology, they go like, TLC, because you could learn about anything.
It's all animal planet.
It's very human.
Meaning there's no fucking animals in that goddamn fucking channel.
Humans are animals too.
Why do you apologize?
Make different programming then.
There has been no arts or entertainment on A&E.
Change your name to television station number nine.
Up next, Breaking Bad here on AMC.
Where you're watching new classics, where's they happen?
Toothpaste Wars on the History Channel.
Because, hey, people might hear about this one day if you watch.
Slut Night on Discovery Channel.
No disclaimer necessary.
Discovery, everything's a discovery.
Slut Night.
What happens, what do you think is going to happen on season three of Slut Night?
Well, they're kicking Maggie off.
No!
We love Maggie.
She's the sluttiest one.
Oh yeah, you guys, New York hates Maggie, of course.
Well, yeah.
But by the way, she's from Long Island.
But she says New York.
And I'm sorry, I'm not going to win any popularity contests for saying this.
But she's no slut.
There, I said it.
She's not a slut.
We've divided the crowd on that one.
She has agency.
They edit it out.
More sluts, Discovery Channel.
Less fake sluts.
She's an autonomous person with status.
So the reason I'm here is we're shooting a pilot.
They've cast me as a host and I don't think you have to ask why.
Because just look at what you've seen tonight.
Is it a show about Asperger's, Dan?
Why are you...
Is it a show for the blind?
Is it a show in which there's names of people's...
pictures of people's faces on the floor so that what normally looks like someone staring
at the floor while they talk?
Is the new definition of a professional host?
Is the show called This Week's Current Events as Flortile?
How did you get this job?
I don't know.
It's a bad economy.
Times are tough and no one's watching TV anymore.
Is there so much cachet in the Dan Harmon brand right now that we want you to host our show?
We're meeting in the middle, like my podcast is ganging a few listeners, TV's losing a few viewers.
So we meet in a nice happy middle.
They're like, how about you?
I don't know.
We ran out of people.
Who do you think they passed on right before it came to you?
One of them is our next guest, actually.
For real?
Yeah, I know.
You'd think we wouldn't get along, but I really like this guy.
I've just been chatting with him for five minutes backstage.
He's not bitter?
No, he's not.
Well, you'll find out.
He's a wonderful personality.
He's from Long Island.
Are you from Long Island?
Which I kind of shit on just a second ago, but I don't know anything about it, so it doesn't matter.
So the thing that we're doing is this...
We'll talk about it with him as a way of explaining it.
Because otherwise, then I'll be like 12, and I won't have...
The title of this episode, it will be Dan introduces...
And we never meet...
Such a good episode.
He talked about slavery.
Is the IFC show going to be this riveting?
Is it going to be like this kind of trenchant interviews?
Nope.
Let's bring him out.
No, stop it.
Well, if I didn't have to do a good introduction, like a good host test.
Okay, let's take it from the top.
Do you want music for this?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, beat Dick Cavett, pretend you're sitting on the couch,
and it's like, you know, it's groovy.
It's the 70s.
You're going to bring somebody out.
Few television shows in recent memory have had as much impact on the entertainosphere.
As the deceptively named daily show.
For truly, it is a show for the century.
And although it airs daily, there's nothing daily about it.
There's a lot of daily stuff about it.
Anyways, we all love the daily show.
This guy was...
Let's take it from the top, Dan.
Let's take it from the top.
Guest intro, take two.
Long Island born stand-up comic and comedy writer and television producer.
But you can't say his name in the middle of the introduction.
So-and-so is...
They can't say that.
That makes it sound like...
Take three, take three.
Guest intro, take three.
Take three.
This next Long Island born stand-up comic and television producer.
That sounds like we have a lot of them.
No, that's great.
That's so good.
Dan, so good.
We go live in 15 seconds.
Our next guest's Long Island birth and stand-up comedy has been the talk of town in Staten Island.
We're live in five seconds.
And at the daily show.
We're live.
We're over 13 years.
Two.
One.
We're live.
Go.
Ladies and gentlemen, my new friend and a guy who's going to be performing in the pilot that we're going to be telling you a little bit about.
UNICEF founder.
Inventor of the Bechdel test, which was then given credit, was given to some woman.
You're welcome, Jenny Bechdel.
You know that, you know, she came up with that test in the midst of a terrible breakup.
We're live.
With a man that defined her life.
Our new friend.
We'll be right back.
We're going to go commercial.
Goldbond powder.
UNICEF.
We're getting better every day.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Rory Albanese.
We're live.
I think, okay, I'll sit here.
Hello.
I'm very sorry.
I'm sorry.
We're live.
What an intro.
I want to watch that show.
Just you between me.
Hello, everybody.
So, Dan beat you out of a job to host the show.
I did.
I didn't even think of it that way because I would not have said yes this should.
Figured out your art's name is Cy.
Is that the right one?
All I heard was, well, while they were singing your praises,
like there was that much of a clause in it that was like,
he actually was going to host, or I wanted to host.
And I was like, oh, that sounds like,
that sounds like he'll be a real Robin to my Batman.
Wait a minute.
That's a good thing, right?
Robin, you're Batman.
Well, that's the sarcasm, is that it?
Oh, I see the sarcasm is that word.
It's like he's going to want to murder me.
The sarcasm might be more like the Scarecrow.
Yeah.
I got you.
I'm sorry.
No, not at all.
I think it's great that you're hosting.
Yeah, because we like each other.
Because we immediately started talking about Witcher 3
and video games and role-playing.
We did, Witcher 3.
What's up, ladies?
When I was talking about Witcher 2, like a bunch of losers.
Got the third one.
Yeah.
It's because we got enough money for a PS4.
Wait, did my mic go off, or am I just less effective?
I don't hear you.
I think it went off.
Yeah.
OK, so you come from the whiplash, breakneck,
thrill-a-minute world of daily.
There's a fucking intro.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Now you're doing it.
In the outback of Pickle Dick, Boomerang, Zoom Zoomery,
that is the daily show.
Yes, Pickle Dickery is our fucking motto, man.
You don't have a Pickle Dick, get off the fucking can.
That's what we say.
It's on the bumper sticker, guys.
Daily show left no dick on Pickles.
On Pickles, yeah.
Every now and then, a fucking Republican
would come through and be like, Pickle that dick, you know?
People would be like, these guys are on the fucking pulse.
These guys are on the, they got their fucking beat
on the dick on the pulse, you know what I mean?
Did you start doing stand-up, I assume,
and then like kind of branched into writing,
or were you always?
I started doing stand-up right when I started.
This is not going to be that exciting.
I was a lot, there was like, man. Hey, that's my job,
saying that.
It was, we were rapping before.
Let me just say something very quickly about Long Island
in its defense, all right?
Surprisingly short.
Yes, surprisingly short.
Also, Brooklyn and Queens are on Long Island, all right?
So just for the record, when some fucking ding-dong
from Brooklyn is like, you're going to Long Island,
be like, that's where you live, all right?
That's where you fucking live.
When I was a kid, that's where you fucking live.
It's on the island, Brooklyn, Queens.
When I was 10, me and my friend lit a telephone pole on fire.
It's the opposite of talking.
This can't be true.
For real.
It was the 4th of July, and we put a bunch of firecrackers
inside a telephone pole because there was bugs in it.
Do you know what telephone poles are?
I feel like we're going to find out that it's like a coin
purse or something.
It's like, no, there's a telephone pole.
There's those things with the leaves and apples.
And they're very flammable.
I also love that.
It was a big thing.
You're like, because there were bugs in it,
you did the right thing.
I mean, you can't have bugs in a telephone pole.
We were 11 or 10 years old, and we were being assholes.
And there was termites inside this telephone pole
because of the thing.
So we put a bunch of firecrackers in it and fireworks.
And then it lit on fire.
And the fire department was sure to have that.
The guys who saved people, yeah, fire department.
We boned the fuck out.
But we lit a telephone pole on fire.
What does it look like when it's on fire?
It looked like a giant tree without leaves on fire.
Wow.
Did how long did service go down for?
I don't know that it did.
Wow.
That's just a pole.
The telephone doesn't go through.
I think that says a lot about landlines, guys.
You know what I mean?
People are really against landlines these days.
But that says a lot.
You can light them right up on fire.
Try lighting a fucking satellite on fire using your cell phone.
In Long Island?
There's an orange county, right?
Orange county's in New Jersey.
But it doesn't matter.
There's counties and shit.
Nassau?
No, Nassau.
Nassau, yeah.
Spencer, weren't you telling me that if you did it?
A woo for Nassau County, yeah.
Somebody likes jet skis.
This is why I'm a bad host, because I'm still hung up
on something, and I haven't heard anything for the last three
minutes.
But the didn't you tell me, Spencer,
that cell phones, when you call 911 on a cell phone,
it's like, if you call it on a landline,
it's like, are you calling 911?
You're getting connected, and then the response is like,
there's a delay or something.
You look confused.
I didn't say any of that.
Like, we're all using cell phones now, but like.
I remember when you said that shit, man.
Why are you bucking out of it now?
There's one thing that.
Dude, who is this asshole?
He went, shut up about it by the state.
He's like, don't call 911 on your cell phone.
Got a T-shirt on and shit.
I remember all of it.
Dude, I'm totally a Robin.
Only Robin would say shit like that.
Now, do you feel like Dan is a better host than you?
Yes, I do.
Yes, I'm at the UCB.
You're supposed to say yes and to everything.
That's it.
Yes, and I think his dick's bigger.
So there you go.
Why would I say that?
I'm terrible at improv.
Yes, my dick is bigger.
And we're on the moon now with our giant dick.
Oh no, there's no gravity.
My giant dick is somewhere.
Call the president.
And scene.
Yes, and.
See how I heightened it?
You got to call the president, because there's no one
higher than the president.
It's called UCB level fucking get it fucking get it down.
Yeah, man.
I was just in a really great ass cat show.
Was anybody, were any of you there?
Did anybody hit the double jackpot of getting into that show
and this one?
Wow.
Really?
Are you just, what?
OK.
They love climbing.
You improv dropping or are you fucking really there, guys?
There's two or three people that said yes.
Sometimes people down, I don't want to be a dick,
but it used to be yeast.
Did you host it?
Like, were you doing the monologue portion of it?
He intro'd all the performers.
They were there for 16 hours.
Yeah, yeah.
It was the only way to close out the Del Close marathon
is they have Dan intro four people,
and it takes up the whole 24 hours.
Dan is the Michael Jordan.
Yeah, that's the fact.
That's how they do it.
It's actually how Del Close died.
I was introducing him to his doctor.
You were trying to tell his doctor what was wrong.
You're like, you have to understand.
He has this thing.
Let me tell you about things.
And then the guy, there was blood coming out of his.
What do you call that hole?
You know what about holes?
I like holes.
Everything.
I've been allowed to telephone, pull a fire.
What's going on right now?
So the premise of this IFC thing.
Well, you just said, I don't want to be a dick, but UCB East.
What were you going to?
I didn't want to use it.
I don't remember.
Oh, it's something that's going to be stupid.
It made sense at the moment, but now it feels weird.
I think now is the time to vent why you hate UCB so much.
Yeah, because they're so ungenerous.
No, it's cultish.
It's cultish.
That's my issue with it.
Yeah.
Like, I had to fucking blow Matt Walsh three times just
to get here tonight.
Yeah, true story.
And I blew him years ago doing it.
This is it.
And he denied it.
Yeah, he's an horrible impromptu.
He still denies it.
He says, no, but do it again.
I'm like, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
He's supposed to say, yes, hand reach under the ball.
Fucking basic shit.
That's fucking BJ's one.
That's level one BJ.
I gave Matt Besser one of the worst hand jobs
I've ever given.
Heard about that hand job.
I saw it's one man show.
Bad is Besser's bad HJs.
That's all that.
The show that we're doing on Wednesday, which I think it's
already, if you didn't move on the tweet that I sent out,
then I just feel bad for you.
I sent out a tweet today because it's in another small space.
So I'm sure it was like, why am I being so cocky?
Well, because it's not really cocky.
It doesn't feel cocky at all.
It feels sad.
And it's like watching a guy brag about the size of his.
When you're hosting the show, they say,
Dan, when we open the show, your camera is camera two.
You have to look right into camera two.
Are you still going to look at the floor?
I don't know.
I'm not an idiot.
I'm camera twos on the floor.
They know what they're doing.
Guys, it's professionally produced.
I have no idea where it is.
106 in park.
Don't line up now, guys.
You'll get in.
Now, Dan, we're sitting next to a guy that seems to be.
Don't spend the weekend there.
He's got a great baritone voice.
Yeah.
Do I?
He's not uncomfortable getting up and walking around
and working the room.
This whole thing?
Yeah.
How did you listen to this guy?
Because I think that one of the guys at IFC, not the production
company that's making the pilot, I think they're always like,
IFC is so excited that you're hosting.
So I'm like, oh, that means you hate me.
But so I think maybe someone at IFC, maybe my dad called him.
No.
And was like, listen to me.
This son works hard.
Wait a minute.
Wait, our dads were allowed to do that shit?
Yeah.
I've called my dad off for years.
We were like, don't do it.
Don't do it.
No, you shouldn't.
Oh my god.
I mean, idiot.
Because if my dad calls you, you will fucking break down
there for a while.
Do you know that they are capable of driving you all the way
to McDonald's or school?
And you don't have to get out a block away.
That's a choice you made.
I didn't know that.
When you are a flawed person because you visit,
you can rekindle that.
Dad, drive me all the way to McDonald's.
Yeah, wow.
Take me back to the beginning of that story.
You know what?
Your friends will see your dad.
You want him to see you disappear places.
I get it.
Before you can drive, you don't want your friends
to know your parents brought you.
You want them to think you just fucking, maybe you're
like in that awesome movie where they jump leapers, jumpers.
Leapers?
Jumpers?
What's that movie where they jump?
What's that movie?
I think it's Leapers.
Was that leaping movie where they jump?
What's the fucking name of that movie?
The sequel is Leapers 2.
The jumpers.
No, because sometimes I get loopers and jumpers confused,
but you don't want to do that shit, man.
No, no, don't look.
Your fucking brain always plays.
You don't watch those movies back to back either.
It's like fucking ammonium bleach, guys.
Leapers can't be jumpers.
Is your dad still around?
Is he alive?
Yeah, he's a leaper.
Are you close with your dad?
I was, and then he fucking leaped away for a pack of smokes.
That was 20.
When I was 20, he was like, I'm going to leap for a pack of smokes.
Yeah, we're close enough.
Are you close?
Are you friends?
Well, we're not friends.
We have a-
Can you get along?
Are you pals?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
What's going on here right now?
We're going to cry a little bit now. I don't know, I mean, we could be close.
We don't know you.
I don't know.
I mean, do you call them up once in a while?
Yeah, I call them sometimes and for my mom, and then help pick up, so that I got a fucking,
you know, talk to him a little bit.
What is it about that?
I got to run interference, you know, I got to be like, yeah, yeah, that's good.
Was mom around?
Because I have something I'd like to communicate to a human.
So you're close to mom, but not-
That's basically it. I don't know.
Anyway, if you guys have ever seen Leapers, dude, that movie is fucking-
Leapers can't be choosers?
They cannot. That's true.
That is sound advice, especially for the young people in the room.
If you're looking for a leaper, don't be picky.
What is it about your dad that creates the distance?
Well, what-
I don't know, he's a fucking Italian guy, you know what I mean?
He's Italian.
Yeah, he's Italian.
He pronounces it wrong.
Yeah, yeah, he's so Italian, he gets it wrong.
All Italians pronounce everything wrong.
It's not prosciutto, it's prosciutto.
But that's just New York.
That's just Goombat's behaviors, what that is.
You got the football-
I have a half Goombat side, that's a little Goombat's.
You know what I mean?
Foombats.
You guys, the one lady who cheered for Nassau County is like,
he fucking gets it.
Everybody else is like, man, I don't know, Williamsburg doesn't have her.
Are you a New York Italian all the way across the board?
Yeah, no, not all the way.
The other half is Jew.
Yeah, I'm sorry, don't leave.
I never say you're a Jew in a crowded theater.
I learned that and I fucked it up.
There's a fact of what we say.
So your mom is Jewish?
My dad's Italian and I'm in therapy.
I'm actually not in therapy.
It's fine, it worked out fine.
You're closer to Jewish mom than Italian dad?
Yeah, just because my mom's like, you know,
like she can like talk and shit, you know.
My dad's like, my dad just says like platitudes,
like he just looks like a handbook.
He's like, hey, he calls me his Hollywood son.
He's like, hey, that's my Hollywood son.
I'm like, I've never really lived in Hollywood.
You know what I mean?
He's like, what are you doing?
You making a movie?
What are you hanging out?
I'm paying him like, his mom around?
Is mom there?
Because I just want to talk to like a fucking normal thing,
somebody normal.
I don't want to keep living through this giggy cartoon
or whatever you're doing.
Hey, look, I got a case of the Mondays.
Already, guys, I don't want to freak out,
but I'm pretty contagious.
I got the Mondays.
Or is that Kathy or Ziggy?
I'm sorry.
Did you ever hug Garfield?
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, hug him.
I mean, yeah, hug him.
I hug him.
You never like on a holiday, I love your dad?
No, I love him.
I hug him.
But do you say it?
Do you say it?
Yeah, I say I love you, but put mom on.
You know what I mean?
Like, I don't hate to do that.
Just I want to fucking talk to him that much.
I don't tell my parents I love them.
You know, I tell your mom, I'm just kidding.
I stopped myself.
That was a fucking low.
That was a real long island moment, guys.
You're turning into your father.
You don't know what I'm turning into.
Don't hit me.
Get out of here.
You're not my real dad.
Oh, son, I'm just sitting here in tidy whiteies
and fucking black dress socks.
I'm like, what happened?
Get out of here.
See you at Zyzon.
I will text I love you too.
Wow.
In response.
Your parents can read text?
What are they 30?
My mom just learned.
I think she was only direct tweeting me.
But I think.
If your mom can tweet, my mom's like, explain the Twitter.
I'm like, you'll hate it.
You'll hate it.
I don't want her near Twitter.
My mom has a locked account.
So I guess she can read my tweets.
Wow.
And then she'll direct.
She would direct tweet me, which
comes to my phone as a text message.
And I would just direct tweet her back and go,
just you can text me.
And we can just go back and forth.
And it's less advanced than what you're doing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She's gone.
She's gone past the easy thing.
Yeah, she's like appearing to me
like the ghost in the beginning of 2010.
The guy was like, oh, I'm a being of energy
from the first movie.
2010.
Hold on.
The year we made contact?
Oh, contact.
No, no, no.
No, 2010, the year we made contact,
is not the making of the movie contact.
No, that movie contact.
I never really saw that movie.
But I did like that new Matthew McConaughey ghost
space movie that just came out.
I'd really like to see 2009, the reason
we made contact, because I have some questions.
No, I've seen First Contact.
It's a fine Star Trek film.
But there was a sequel to 2001 called 2010.
Wow.
Is that like The Wiz?
It's terrible.
Oh, so it's like The Wiz.
In that it's based on the, they didn't pay for the rights
to 2001, the movie.
They based it on the original books.
It's like, oh, look, it's Dorothy, I guess.
Right, right, right.
But the public domain version, she's not allowed to.
Yes, yeah.
She's from Utah.
The fuck was a, oh, my, my, my, I don't know.
How did the monkeys start that fire?
Oh.
Well, it could be flying monkeys.
I mean, I'm just saying, we're talking about The Wiz.
They didn't, they didn't.
I told you, I looked it up on Snopes, it was,
it was, didn't I already say?
Tell me about the Great Fire of 1830.
Yeah.
It was Dominicans.
And they were, oh, it was, it was, I know.
It was, it was, exactly.
Just so you get a sense of how racist America was back then.
Dan, if I can be quite honest, we deal in honesty here.
Backstage, Dan was coming down on the Dominicans
pretty hard back stage.
Pretty hard.
I just, like, well, I, like, like.
What does your fucking beef with the Dominicans?
Well, are they really a republic?
Wow.
You make a lot, look, you're making a lot of sense right now,
Dan.
Do you get to just throw that word around?
Yeah, agree.
We're the Dominican Republic.
OK, I'm, I'm the Dan Harmon Republic.
Yeah, yeah, me too.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, I mean, come on.
You're just, you're just, you're just, you're just a minico.
You know what this is, guys?
I don't want to be, I don't want to be,
I don't want to get involved here, but he's part Puerto Rican.
That's where this anger comes from.
Yeah, yeah.
Sure, the Puerto Ricans and the Mankins, you're not going to get,
because it's a PR, DR, there's a thing.
I'm telling you, that's a real fucking,
if you weren't all so fucking white,
if you ever talked to the people in the neighborhoods
you live in, you would learn that there's a lot
of inter-race hatred, and you don't have to feel bad about it,
because you didn't cause this.
You're an Italian.
So I'm assuming that you're a jet versus a shark.
Oh yeah, I'm a jet all the way, baby.
From my first cigarette to my last dying day!
I don't think you can get out.
You can't get out.
Ta-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
This got really gay.
Do you have a rocket in your pocket?
Do I have a rocket in my pockets?
Yeah.
We're on stage, my friend.
These are backstage conversations.
When I watch, what's it called?
What's that story?
I don't know.
The absence just fucking kicked in.
All right, OK, so yeah, we were just talking about it.
Let's just be clear about this.
Somebody gave you a fucking Jane, what looks basically.
All right, so somebody, it's Jane?
Jane.
Jay?
Jane, first shot.
All right, whatever your name is, Jane.
It's Jane.
This looks like some shady olive oil in a jar,
and he's just drinking it.
You just fucking bought, like, Crisco, and were like,
I made an absence, let's see how much I'll drink.
And he's fucking pounding that shit.
Take a swing at this.
No, because it could be LSD in there or something.
Well, Jane's a trusted, like, member of the Harmontown family.
She is?
Yeah.
Oh, that sounds legit.
I mean, if Harmontown trusts her, well, we're a republic.
If she has the Harmontown FDA approval,
then how could she not be OK?
Why would she want to see you guys strip your balls off
up here?
I believe you, Jane.
Take a big swing off that.
Fuck, dude.
Fucking, hey, that's like gasoline, Jane.
You could absolutely run a lawn mower around that.
Holy fuck, Nuggets.
I'll do one little baby sip.
No, that's like, wow, that's like that.
What's that line in the naked gun when he's like,
you know, it's like, drink and drain,
or it'll clean you out inside.
Yeah, that's exactly it. Take a sip of that.
Yeah, I've got bad experiences with Jane's concoctions.
And I have to write the show that we're taping on Wednesday
tonight, or I just will never be written.
Oh.
Good night.
Well, Jane's got a deep voice.
That's good.
So advice on, like, because you worked with one
of the great TV hosts.
It took me up pretty easy.
We have to do this thing on Wednesday.
This guy was so drunk last night.
The premise of the pilot that we're doing
is that I am the host, which is already kind of a premise.
First of all, Dan's a great host.
So enough with this bullshit.
Second of all, the premise of the pilot
is that he is it so Rupert Murdoch's son?
Is that fucking it up?
No, I didn't hear the subplot version of the show
you guys developed before you got fired.
Yeah.
I'm just talking about this now.
And I come out, I do a big top dance number,
and everyone loves me.
What do you mean?
I don't have the job.
And there I am, just me and the people.
And I'm singing a song.
Papa, can you hear me?
It seems perfect.
This is for IFC.
I said, top dance number.
Your deal was about to close on your anti-vax blog,
and they're like, this isn't going to work for you.
They saw my fucking, they saw my selfies
with fucking Jenny McCarthy.
Like, she knows.
She gets it.
Well, who's second on the list?
I'm just kidding, guys.
I have a selfie stick.
I'm not an idiot.
I'm not going to take a selfie with Jenny
McCarthy without a selfie stick.
What's, what do we, I mean?
Good try, Jane.
Good try.
Like, what, when you're doing, are there do's and don'ts,
like, on The Daily Show?
So John would have, you know, he's
got a guest in every episode virtually.
They're coming out.
Like, what, how did you, how did you prep for,
like, like, how tightly did he adhere to a plan that
was done through pre-interviews and stuff like that?
It depends on the guests.
I mean, the thing that was interesting about The Daily
Show.
Dumb-dubba-dumb-dumb-dubba-dumb-dubba-dumb.
The thing that was interesting about The Daily Show.
Dumb-dubba-dumb-dumb.
One pair.
One grey suit.
Look, I'm more of a kill-borne man myself.
That's on The Daily Show.
I love what, was Daily.
I love when they, I love when like they crowd.
He's already fucked up.
I love that they crowd groan, you know, they're like,
oh, dude, he's dead kill-borne.
Take a big one, take it.
Go, go.
Big one.
Oh, Jane.
Muscle up.
I have a feeling Jane could be fuckin' Jim,
And I'm not going to know at the end of the night.
Well, funny you should say that.
I'm just kidding, guys.
I know gender is not a thing anymore.
I get it.
I'm kidding.
Jane, John, it's all shoulders up.
I get it.
If you think you're a lady, you're a lady.
I read the papers.
This is terrible.
Jane actually is a transgender.
It's not terrible.
I think it's fantastic.
I'm all for Jane being transgender.
My only issue with transgender is they say you're the only
question you can't ask is, do you have a dick?
And I keep saying, that's the only question I have.
I can't ask that, then let's not talk about it.
Did you see our mutual friend, John Oliver, this week
tonight about the transgender thing?
Yes.
Were you kind of like, like, surprised?
I found myself feeling ashamed right away because already
it's like, oh, like, I was patting myself on the back
just for getting through the door of like, of not, you know,
not bullying and all this stuff.
And it's like, and now they showed Barbara Walters going
like, so under your pants, what's going on?
And it was kind of like, well, that's me.
That's me.
I thought I was being progressive by asking all the details.
I was like, oh, no, that doesn't make any sense.
Why would I do that?
I'm constantly playing catch up.
I always feel like, I just feel like this barbarian.
I feel like this old, like, sad gorilla at the zoo that's just
like, keeps crushing kittens they bring to it.
Because it's replacing one that knows sign language.
But I just keep asking for ice cream and killing.
I think that's OK.
Every zoo needs this gorilla that kills kittens.
You know what I mean?
You know how many fucking extra kittens they have at the zoo?
You have no idea.
It's a real problem.
Well, New York still has a problem.
That comes out of our tax dollars, guys.
Feeding those kittens.
I'm not paying for that shit.
That's why we were like, gorilla's killing them.
You're already drunk on absent, aren't you?
I don't know what I'm drunk on, but that shit's fucking dangerous.
I seriously feel like I could have just taken a shot of fucking
golf, like, you know, 87, whatever.
What's a fuel, like, 88, 9?
I like that you went back to the 70s for a gas station.
Is golf not a thing anymore?
No, golf's a fucking thing, guys.
Fuck you.
Golf still exists.
I'll tell you right now, I don't drink from fucking BP spouts.
Am I right?
Huh?
Yeah.
Don't support that.
Don't support it.
See, you got to get in the crowd on my side.
No, yeah.
Those stunts of bitches, yeah.
I'm like, good gas, like Exxon.
There you go.
The good people over at Exxon.
They don't kill fucking dolphins and shit.
They just fucking make my SUV hum.
You're a standard oil guy from way back.
I'm a big standard oil, man.
That's why I hate these filtered cigarettes, nonsense.
If I wanted a filter, I wanted a fucking...
You like your lucky strikes?
I like my Paul Mauls, my lucky strikes.
My Virginia Slims wide.
I like my Virginia Slims.
That's hard to get.
Unfiltered.
I like my Virginia Wides unfiltered.
You guys too young for that shit.
How does a host move from one topic to another?
I don't know.
Music.
Yo, yo, yo, host, yo, yo, yo.
I'm going to moderate discussion.
Gonna fuck your mama so hard I give her a concussion.
Give us some.
That was good.
You were helping.
Listen, I'm going to tell you right now.
If I knew how to go from one thing to another,
I might have gotten the job.
The wrong guy to ask.
But you want...
I'm actually just kind of curious.
I don't know.
I'm not curious.
I decided at some point that the angle was going to be
that I was going to get advice from you
and how to be a good host.
But obviously, that's not what's organically pleasing.
It's stupid and I'm clinging to it.
All you have to do is be yourself.
My advice to you is to give me the advice to go with the flow.
Just hold on.
Just be yourself.
This dude's so fucking likable, right?
If he's just himself, yeah.
Here's the thing.
I want to take a moment.
Just think about 9-11 for a second.
All right, cool.
Now I'm just moving on to the host thing.
I like this.
No, I'm saying the whole point is if people always
make an adjustment because they're on TV,
people always make an adjustment.
They're like, oh, do that.
Now I got to be Dan Hormann on TV.
No, if you do that, you're going to feel like a weird version
of yourself.
Just be you.
Maybe dress like an adult.
But other than that...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Just be you, dude.
I mean, don't fuck around.
Don't fuck with fucking you.
This is why there's people here.
Like, in other words, people like you.
And I feel like if you try.
I learned that back, I was doing a show back in, like,
with Sammy Davis Jr. a couple of years ago.
And it was just a small jazz number.
It was a little jazz number, you may have heard of it.
It was called White Nights.
It was me and Gregory Hines.
Gregory Hines?
And Baryshekov.
Yeah, Sammy, you were the third white guy.
Sammy Davis dropped by to just check in to make sure
my moves were right.
Were you in White Nights?
Yeah, I was in White Nights.
A lot of people don't know that.
I played The Baby.
Yeah, yeah, there's a scene where Baryshekov's walking
through Lincoln Center, and there's a lady
holding a baby.
That was me.
Rubles.
Yeah.
Rubles, delicious rubles.
Netflix, it guys.
It's a great flick.
For one guy that knows that.
Gregory Hines, fucking.
And Leapers for your friend on your list.
Can you tap his?
Jumpers?
Yeah, I can.
I don't want to do it here.
What?
OK, I will.
All right.
Now, show me one tap step.
You know one tap step.
I don't know any tap steps, but if you gave me tap shoes,
I bet I'd crush it.
For real?
I don't feel like I need.
I feel like tap dancing is a dance that's just in my blood.
I feel like Italians and Jews have always nominated tap.
Tap has been our fucking old craft.
I can't think of the times I've gone to a Italian restaurant
where there wasn't an Italian guy tap dancing.
Just some Italian guy with an accordion.
Just fucking.
Oh.
Who's got time for this?
That's the most important thing.
It's all about the hands.
Because a lot of people think it's about the feet.
It's not.
The feet are just tapping the fucking arms.
That's where the magic happens.
Who is your favorite Italian tap dancer?
Oh, it's got to be Giovanni Pocciangi.
I mean, whose feet move like Pocciangi?
They called him Old Stonefoot, which
was his horrible name because he had fucking the wonderful feet.
Well, but they were referring to the strength of the tap.
It wasn't about weight for him.
It was like, wow, every step he takes is like,
permanent and heavy.
That's true.
They used to say in Italian, it sounds beautiful.
They said, pranccianni moriocchiata,
which means you know he tapped there.
That's what that means.
There's a little fucking dent in the piazza.
Every piazza in Southern Napoli has a little dent in it.
There's an urban legend about Giovanni Pocciangi,
about Giobini, that he, I mean, it is true that he.
I see.
I know you're going to say it.
I think this is absolutely apocryphal, but go on.
Well, but it is true that he was at the Yalta Conference.
He's right behind Stone.
Well, he was there as a performer,
but the urban legend, because I don't actually
believe this is possible, but that he did a dance for them.
And at the end of every Italian tap dance,
if you do it the Italian way, there's always,
it's called the cabrese, the final tap.
No, cabrese is like a salad with tomatoes and mozzarella.
It's called the cabrazio.
Cabrazio is the fun.
I love a cabrese.
It's ciubacci cabrese, which is the tap to end the tap.
Or the tap of all taps.
Right.
So he went cabra.
He did tap of the tutti-tapi.
The urban legend is that his was so hard
that it vibrated Stalin.
It turned him into a Democrat.
That's true.
For 10 minutes.
But then he forgot all of Marx's teachings.
He went right back and broke the agreement on Poland
and went right back into it.
For 10 minutes, though.
I mean, that's longer than any of us can tap someone's
political views out of their heart.
Yeah.
And this is going to seem like a really bad pun.
But this is just a historical fact.
Give it to me.
Not a little bit of time.
That lag, that 10 minutes of lag,
is where they came up with the term gulag.
That's when people go to the gulag.
Oh, boy.
I told you it was going to seem like a bad pun.
But it's not.
That's just a historical fact.
Are you Stalin?
Are you Stalin for time?
I watch a history channel.
Stalin for time, everybody.
Yes, I am Stalin for time.
Gulag.
I'm Hitler and then with my greatest Hitlers.
These are my greatest Hitlers.
You kicked me in my soul, Genetian.
Not a fact, not even a thing.
Very nice.
Now we're doing it.
I really, I really, I don't, I don't.
So many.
Falklands.
So many of.
Just trying to name some shit.
Many, many, many, many.
More than fucking Rhineland.
Where the whole war started over fucking Rhineland, guys.
What is your stance over the Falklands?
You know what?
Fucking take them and leave them.
I'm going to give a shit.
You guys, you know me.
With the Falklands, I give a fuck.
You know what I mean?
That was a Jewish time.
Maybe it's the absence.
That was a Jewish mom talking.
Maybe it's the absence of talking.
Falkland too.
Who needs, who needs to worry?
Yeah, you got to worry.
Call me when it's one Falkland, like a republic.
How many nights?
The Falkland Republic.
Those are fucking Falklands.
It's like, what is it?
Like, like, like, like, pick one and get your shit together.
And then we'll invade you instead of the fucking British.
By the way, 15 years ago, there was a great Peter Fawkes
joke to be made.
But with this crowd, it'll never go.
No, never.
Pretend it's 1982.
And give us your Peter Fawkes joke.
Give us your Peter Fawkes joke.
Have you guys ever take UCB 1982?
You ever take that guy's fucking?
It gets you really high.
It's a really good class.
Yeah, that's my Harold group.
Peter, they get really mad when you fuck with the UCB, man.
They're like, yo, bro, East Side fucking shit.
Well, we're in there.
It's like, oh, they were taking a shit on there.
UCB, you know what I mean?
It's like, you couldn't get it across town.
You come here.
I get it.
Don't worry about it.
I take my agrar.
I get it.
I can't get a C. Alice prescription.
You get you understand.
You guys know what I'm talking about.
There's a lot of a lot of my fan.
I don't like saying my fans because it feels.
But I don't want to talk about that.
But I don't know how to quickly say it.
Well, a lot of my fans seem to be punsters.
Like they like puns.
And I find it very, very uncomfortable.
Really?
That's the best group of fans to have.
People who understand horrible things.
No, because in other words, you know in a comedy writer's room,
and this is a weird thing, is like in a comedy writer's room,
sometimes the worst version of a joke
is the funniest thing in the room.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Well, I mean, you go to that place.
You would never put it on the show.
Yeah, but never a well.
I mean, you must be suggestive.
I feel like you have a daily show story
about how a pun I could think of.
But there's loads of puns on that show.
Well, you guys always connected everything
of the mortis or whatever you call it over John Shoulder.
Yeah, but those are technically puns.
Yeah, and they're good.
It's wordplay.
We used to do the Ted Kazarinsky thing.
You know what I'm talking about?
Tim Kazarinsky, remember?
The Rintin Tinfluenza.
Keep on knocking, but you can't come in, fluenza.
I mean, once that shit opened up,
so there was a guy in Saturday Night Live who was a writer.
Google him.
The same as Kazarinsky.
It's Tim, right?
Yeah.
OK.
He was on the cast for a while.
Yeah, he was on the cast.
T-Cast.
T-Cast, we call him.
But wasn't it the Dick Ebersol years?
The Dick Ebersol years?
I think it might have been.
Yeah, with, yeah.
He was in school like a second city guy,
way back in a very good cast.
So try to explain that, because once you open that wormhole
of bad jokery, you will.
And it's great jokery in the beginning,
and then it just takes.
But there's a point.
The influential one is, I remember being a little kid.
I was a kid during the Ebersol years.
There was Martin Short also, Ebersol.
Yeah, and I think.
What's his face from all the 16 Canon movies and shit?
What's his name?
Oh, Anthony Michael Hall.
Anthony Michael Hall.
Very good.
And Elaine and Robert Downey Jr.
Elaine from Seinfeld.
Brad Hall.
Gary Kroger.
Who can forget the K-Rogue?
No, Rich Hall.
Rich Hall.
Sniglets.
But the weird thing is that I actually
learned comedy from that season, because that
was when I was sort of going through comedy puberty,
in that it was like, all of a sudden,
I was combined comedy and puberty in one word.
Cuberty.
Throw it to a room, and to take the terrible one,
and then that's your process.
That's a Rinsky.
Everybody goes like, oh, that was terrible,
but it's like, did you ever hear this about SNL that they go,
everybody thinks that SNL was perfect.
The year they were 10, and everybody
thinks that it's currently in some kind of slump.
Yes, always.
Except if it 10-year-old came up right now, they'd be like,
did you see fucking the thing I was saying?
And they'd be right, because it's all 12.
I always say 12.
Yeah, 12, you're like sixth grade.
That's like 12, right?
Six to eighth grade, it's the fucking best show ever.
When did your ass get rock hard?
Mine?
Is that 12?
I'm still waiting on that.
Because I remember that's what it was.
I was watching Ed Grimly, and he was going, I must say,
and I was like, whoa, my ass is really hard,
and that's really funny.
Why was your ass rock hard?
I was like, non-sequitur, kind of weird pedophile joke.
I have a mnemonic device for how to remember a 12-year-old.
I don't think there's anything weird about talking
about 12-year-old asses, OK?
Maybe I'm in the fucking minority here.
Trying to get your back here, bro.
I don't know how to get out of this one.
But that's all I did.
I mean, you're a couple of years younger than me.
What do you think about the bit where I whispered with the mic
to my mouth?
Does that work?
I don't know.
I do that all the time.
Because I feel like that's negating the whole point
of the whisper.
Don't ask for my input.
You're fucking.
Why is he not the host?
He's already a better host.
He should host Harmontown.
It's just not appropriate, because it's good.
Anyway, explain the show.
There's a time machine involved.
Dan's got fucking spent all of his hard earned money.
Oh, this is the premise of the show, actually.
He spent all of it.
He spent all of his hard earned money inventing a time machine.
And you go, wow.
So we can solve the world's problems?
Nope.
So we can host a talk show with people from history.
And then solve the world's problems, hopefully,
by getting.
By talking to people from history.
But he could go back in time.
So can we talk?
Hey, Rich, can you hear me?
What if he can't?
This is a terrible, terrible theater.
Terrible.
Sounds to.
But he might not be here.
But Rich, can you answer me one question?
Rich Corson is the executive producer, everybody.
So is it?
And also, former Daily Show producer,
he's sort of like, Ron Comisani.
Rich Corson, you should clap for him.
Rich, ladies, if you'd like.
You said it was OK to talk about the show.
Is it OK to tell him who the cast is?
OK.
So like, Robert Smigel is playing Albert Einstein.
And Rory is playing Benjamin Franklin.
And nice, dude.
Fucking perfect use of the fart noise.
Somebody took UCB level four fart noise.
That guy's seven grand into his first work show.
His parents are on the back, they're like, worth every penny,
Jared.
Totally worth it.
Four classes a kid now had fart noise.
He has a green belt in fart prof.
He's not an OT yet.
Just keep spending.
At some point, you'll be in a movie.
At the end of the level five workshop,
they take you to a room where Matt Besser has written
in a notebook that Improv was created by horses.
He's referencing Scientology, assholes.
He's spending it in a system that won't help you.
Get out while you can.
Seriously, though, folks, how about fucking Scientology?
Seriously.
I don't want to be unentertainingly sycophantic,
but I do feel like I want to add a footnote that I don't.
I'm very happy that UCB had us here.
And I do their shows all the time.
I have a great time with their wonderful people.
I want to add a footnote that says,
the landscape of Los Angeles.
Angela Poller is Elron Hubbard.
So we have two different views on this.
Two different views.
If Poller believes aliens created Improv.
Better Elron Hubbard than UNICEF, right?
Xeon, what's his name?
Xenu.
Have you guys been to the Xenu Marathon?
The Xenu Improv Marathon?
It's 24 hours of Xenu Improv.
You can't don't miss it.
Rob Riggle just fucking crushes it.
They put a volcano on the cover of Dianetics.
I was just looking at one.
In LA, we have probably more billboards for shit than you do.
In LA, people are like, that sounds good.
In New York, it's like, get the fuck out of my way.
Today, a lady tried to give me a thing.
No one in LA walks.
That's a fair observation.
But in New York, when you walk down the street,
people are always trying to hand you shit, right?
How many people in here have ever been like, oh, yes.
I'd like that.
You're like, get the fuck out of my way.
It always makes me think, again, an airplane,
like when you just fucking snap people's necks.
You know, the guy's walking in the airport and is like,
all right, Chris, he's just fucking killing people.
That's what I wanted to do.
Like, do you know the dolphins?
I'm like, crack, you know?
And I like dolphins.
I just want to kill that lady.
You know what I mean?
I will then go home and donate to the dolphin cause.
I'm all for the cause.
It's just her talking to me on the street.
You wish there was a way to accidentally eat her
with a sandwich.
Yes, exactly.
It's really her.
Sometimes humans ruin it for the dolphins, I guess,
is what I'm saying, guys.
Well, that's, yeah, that's probably true.
Have you?
But in addition to loving puns and generally being atheists,
my audience, who I love very much,
What, you're really scared of losing them, huh?
I love them.
And I ate a lot of caviar.
I made them dinner tonight.
They're the best.
They're young.
They're cool.
UCB is the greatest.
However.
Now you know the answer why he got the job.
Cause he has like followers.
And I keep being like, how about this?
You guys are all fucking loose.
And then they're like, you know what you're doing?
You're alienating the crap.
But they're fucking loose.
You're not even connecting those dots.
You're not developing a group of people
who are interested in what you have to say.
Cause they're all like.
That might be an important thing
to have been said to me.
Like I didn't, I didn't connect this.
I should try.
I'm obsessed with like not,
I think cause I like, I have a terrible, terrible like fear
of like that at any minute, everyone's gonna go like,
you're.
No, you're in.
You're out.
And it doesn't, but it's not a logic-based thing.
So it's like, it's an emotional thing.
So like, you know, the reason gay people don't like being
called fags is not because they're like, am I, am I a bad?
How do we get, how do we get to here?
I feel like we were all with you.
And then you're like, that's why fags are fags.
It's like, wait, what?
I think you misheard me.
You're like, that's why the Jews fucking run the economy.
You know, I was like, wow, hold on.
That's, that's how they all do it, Dan.
That's how they run.
We have latent like, like, like memories of like the first
time we were ever genuinely terrified that it was possible
to be excommunicated basically from the, from the monkey tree
and lose our figs and lose our ability to, to, to be.
We would start fires like primates die on their own to 1835.
You just wanted all the fires started.
We never, we never got, but you are right.
It's like a little, it's like, yeah, it's an obsession with me.
Like it's, it's, it's like, like I really always want to like,
I want to, I want to endure myself and it's a little wasted
sometimes because like, look at me.
I look like somebody that hates everybody.
But that's why you're charming.
I probably do hate everybody.
Can I give us, can we give you a minute just for Dan?
Stop sticking up for me because that makes me up for Dan.
I want to stick up for Dan.
Dan is the fucking definition of the fucking dude.
You're all, you're like the guy,
and here's the joke about it though, Dan is the fucking definition
of a fucking dude.
Yeah.
You know what the dude is.
You've seen, you know, the dude, he's the dude.
And it's like the thing where like, he doesn't know he's cool,
which is why we're all like, you're fucking cool.
You know what I mean?
And then like, if the minute you're like, yeah,
you know what everything I do say makes sense.
People are like, you're a dick.
You know what I mean?
You're bad at it.
You're not fooling me.
I know I'm going to step off stage and be like, wait,
what did he say?
No, I haven't listened at all.
He just said, I was, I mean, then I was a thing.
You said you may or may not hate people.
I do.
Yeah, I do.
I hate, I hate all of them.
Yeah.
I mean, well, I mean, it's like money changes that a lot
because it's like, it turns into.
How much money you get from a sitcom?
Let me just say this late night fucking,
I wear the same pants a lot.
You know what I mean?
Well, did you, I mean, did you grew up poor, right?
I mean, you see.
I grew up middle class.
Yeah, I mean, like lower middle class.
I'm telling you, if I farted like that,
my dad wouldn't have been like, I'm proud of you.
Get a fucking job.
Yeah.
You make more than washing a million dishes.
Yeah, I just mean, when you create a sitcom,
like did you come here and like the Dan Hormann Express,
like some fucking thing?
No, but I like zipline, do you zipline places?
I guess is what I mean.
I don't.
I never do a place where I can zipline anywhere.
I haven't gotten to the zipline phase yet.
You haven't.
Because, you know, like Chuck Lorre, who created the two and a half men,
he ziplines all across America.
That's his true story.
No, he could he fly?
He seems so inconvenient.
Could he fly?
Yes.
Does he choose zipline?
Absolutely.
He has a series of, he has a series of wires,
and he just, series of wires.
He leaves, he leaves Warner Brothers.
Higher than the poor people can see.
He leaves Warner Brothers.
It's out of poor vision.
Poor people can only see one mile.
Because of malnutrition.
Because you guys think you don't enjoy carrots.
The food supply, guys, because of the food supply,
you can only see one mile into the sky.
Fucking Chuck Lorre, mile and a half up,
get a whole city.
It's like the Ewok Village, but it's just,
it's just show creators up there, guys.
The late night people, I once was invited to like a party
at one house, but like, the fucking gods who create the shit,
they're like fucking zipline all over.
If you say, if Chuck Lorre comes over to your house,
he said, you want to write home, he's like, no, I'm good.
And he walks, he climbs the tree,
throws his belt over, and the fucking thing.
Yes.
And it's like, here's what's weird.
Why would he have to climb a tree?
You know what I mean?
Like, with that much money, but he prefers it.
Because he feels like any pussy can get a fucking ride.
You know what I mean to the zipline?
What do you mean, how would you get up?
I don't know, fucking zipline escalator.
I don't know.
That's why I don't have a fucking sitcom.
You know what I mean?
The late night world is just fucking
a powered walkways like at the airport.
Spencer, if you get a zipline from one location
to another location, like it could be from your house
to a certain restaurant, you're like,
for one place to another, it could be anywhere
across the planet.
You can go from Dungeons to Dragons.
That's the most distance you get anywhere.
That's right.
Where would you zipline from?
And if you had one zipline that was always available to you.
I definitely started in Baton Rouge.
A fine choice.
And then you got like a fucking basket full of crawfish.
And you're like, I'm zipline.
I'm zipline into Canada.
OK.
They'll appreciate this.
Nobody will dispute your choice to start in Baton Rouge.
Where is your destination?
I was going to say Toronto.
Of course.
You can't get, you can bring jazz and crawfish to the north.
And you won't get a zipline.
Here I come.
Hey, guys.
And you eat crawdaddies just playing the trombone.
Hey, guys, I got loads of crawdaddies.
But I could also use some Greek food in Toronto.
Everybody's so busy trying to be better than each other.
No one's focused on where would I
be really useful in a way that's attainable.
Be the seafood king of Toronto.
Be its primary supplier of shellfish.
I also like the sub-economy of zipline wire transfer guys.
We'll have to sit up at the zipline
and be like, where are you headed, north?
You know what I mean?
I think they're like Chuck Lorre.
They're like Chuck Lorre, you've got to wait.
The guys who created Cheers are ahead of you.
You know what I mean?
They're on their way to Florida.
Starting point destination.
Where's your starting point destination?
How far does zipline go?
It could go all the way around the world if you'd like.
The whole world.
Yeah, not the moon.
It should be.
Well, the moon's not in the world.
I don't want to be a dick.
I'd say.
I love that.
Anywhere in America except the moon.
I know we put a flag in it, but we don't own it.
It could be just like a rock in there.
It could be Istanbul.
It could be Saigon.
It could be Brisbane.
It could be wherever you like.
Wow, you just named places.
I would say it's, I mean, I would start in New York
just because that's where I live.
And then I would go to.
You only get one zipline.
You could zip anywhere you want.
And then I got to live there forever?
No, you could zip back and forth.
Oh, but I can't like zip to multiple locations.
No, you get one, I think you get one zipline start.
That's a really good question.
Spencer very controversially picked Baton Rouge in Toronto.
Very pragmatically.
Yeah, by the way, the internet's fucking shit's trending right now.
That's such a Reddit answer.
It's like, I figured it out.
This is the best way to use a zipline.
I will have $8 million in three years, and then 900 guys
questioning it, but then just watching.
A top Reddit thread is just if the original poster is just
like, chop, chop, chop, all the peer review.
Well, actually, wasn't that, pshah, actually, pshah.
No, fucking do your math.
Do your math.
I love the idea.
I love the trend.
It would have gone good there.
I love the trend right now that it's just fucking like,
it's like Toronto, Spencer, question mark,
like you're in a boy band.
You know what I mean?
So, Rory, you start in New York.
It's one direction.
You're starting in New York.
Starting in New York.
You get to zip to one place.
I would probably zip to like Brazil.
Zip?
That's a whole fucking country.
I know, but where's the place where all those fucking
titties are mouncin'?
You know what I mean?
That's all I know about Brazil.
Our mountain?
No, bouncy titties.
The fact that you can't name a city in Brazil, man,
you're not qualified to zip.
Yeah, Rio de Jatiti.
You want a zip line to Rio de Janeiro?
I understand that Rio is such a fucked up place
that rich people have to travel via air
from building to building and shit.
They can't go to the ground.
It's called zip lines, man.
So what I'm saying is I would fucking zip into Rio,
fucking zip up some Rio titties, and then I'd zip out.
No, because you have a zip line, too.
I get it, guys.
Pretty controversial.
So human trafficking, you'd use your zip line.
Hey, hey, you know what?
How the ladies get there's not my problem.
I just use zip lines.
Money don't know where it came from, you understand?
I have enough money for a zip line.
You don't worry about the fucking route of the problem.
I'm disturbed by the fact zip lines don't human traffic.
Humans human traffic.
Exactly.
Guys, you don't make enough money to zip line
to worry about your peasant problems.
You know what I mean?
Dan, zip lines start and destination.
Well, start's tough because you guys are questioning.
We're going to make Ali at Aliyah.
You guys have picked two places.
You could live in Los Angeles.
You could live in New York.
You could have a zip line between two other destinations
that you have at your leisure to zip back and forth.
Like, you just take off your belt,
throw it over the wire, and it goes Zoom,
and you're fucking.
Can't there be a more comfortable way to go?
I don't want to be a drag.
Can't there be like a first class zip?
I don't want to use my belt.
I think you have a belt.
You just, you just James Bond it.
That's it?
Because I just want to be, I don't want to be a dick,
but bad roots at Toronto.
That's a lot of bell holding.
Yeah, you didn't specify that.
I feel like you just get the man in a chair.
I'm going to fuck.
My hands are getting tired.
You're not.
There's no wrong way to zip line.
I feel like by the time I end New Jersey, I'm dead.
That's not.
I can't.
You're not even talking.
I can't carry a basket of crap.
My fingers are bleeding.
I'm exhausted.
I'm sitting on a stool right now.
Let's not get hung up on how you zip line.
You're talking about a rope here.
This isn't a zip line at all.
Huh?
Yeah.
You're talking about like different,
you're talking about bank robberies.
Look, you guys.
That's a different kind of zip lining.
Oh, the belt is, yeah, the belt is an ad hoc zip line.
Yeah, this is some action adventure.
This is a comfort class kind of thing.
If you want to go to one place to another easily, zoom, starting where?
This is a theme park grade zip line.
I'm talking about like you're sitting in a Shaw Walker chair.
Can I ask one more question?
Certainly.
You know, I'm watching Furious 7.
Before I make Furious 7.
You know, the best of the Furious franchise.
Can, is there, can we assume that there's such a thing as a cargo capacity?
Like, could I, could I travel?
Could I, could I pretend he needs his dog to fly?
You get 500.
I want to bring my dogs.
500 pounds cargo.
You get 500 pounds.
500 pounds.
Okay.
Portland.
Oregon.
Okay.
Starting or ending?
I'm going there.
The question doesn't.
You get a starting location and an ending location.
It's a one way zip line.
Oh, you can't, you have to walk back.
It's elevation based.
You have to zip down.
You got to take, you have to take a Peter Pan bus home.
That's the only caveat.
That's right.
That's why I said Chuck Lorre had the climate freak.
You can't one way zip line and then Peter Pan home.
Hey, it's called zip line bro.
Like, and live it and live it or don't.
You know what I mean?
Hey, I'm not Chuck Lorre.
I didn't invent this shit.
That's why Chuck Lorre has the climate freak.
Blame Chuck Lorre, bro.
That's why it's got a half a man on that show.
You can just start to play zip line.
Boom.
You go.
There's bonds.
You're at end of this.
So then I'm picking a place that I want to be able to get in a hurry.
You get to communicate between two places.
Okay.
Portland.
Is this starting or the ending?
If you're in LA, I'll give you an example.
If you're in LA and you want a zip line of Portland, it'll take you only like 37 hours
holding a belt.
One and a half miles of the air.
So it's a pretty good way to travel to walk your dogs.
Cause I was just thinking partland, my dogs love partland, but it's like, wait a minute.
Two sons of a belt for 32 hours and hold your body weight up with no other harnesses.
Why are you being such a pussy, Dan?
It's like you hate traveling.
Why do you hate traveling so much, Dan?
You don't want to go to Portland, bro?
Whatever.
Hey guys, if I was the host, I could have Portland.
By the way, I hold my shit up for 32 hours to entertain you people.
No, this guy.
What?
What's going on?
Spencer did not hesitate on Baton Rouge in Toronto.
But we praised him for that only because of the assumption about a two-way...
Oh no, that's not...
He didn't know it was belt travel.
Yeah, I didn't know it was belt travel.
He said, just fucking don't get hung up on the belt.
I was talking about ropes.
The belt's a big factor.
Oh, I mean, I...
Fuck, man.
Where else?
Well, I retract Portland because I wanted to have like a pietta tear there where my dogs could play.
All right.
Dude, use Zipline with a couple of dogs.
It's pretty awesome.
Where does he have to hold the dogs or do the dogs hold their own belts?
He's got baby horns.
I'm allowing him...
I'm allowing his Zipline 500-pound cargo.
Do you put like a fucking bacon kong on the end of a belt and a dog is...
Okay.
A dog just holds on.
But you're saying it's elevation-based?
No, I'm not saying that.
I'm saying...
I am.
You get to Zipline from wherever.
We might have to build a large tower so you can Zipline so the elevation works.
No.
L.A. to Tokyo.
Okay.
Let me finish.
I'm gonna use the money I make bringing...
What are they like?
Blue jeans?
Yeah, blue jeans.
What's their...
What's their crawdad?
They love blue jeans and Cadillacs.
You should bring a Cadillac.
You can Zipline a couple of Caddies.
They love...
They love sideburns.
Build another Zipline from Mount Fuji to L.A.
Huh?
Mount Fuji.
Wait, you're going only for mercenary reasons?
Yeah.
You're going...
You mean merchandising?
Yeah.
I'm a fucking merc!
She just came Zipline and didn't kill...
Okay.
I mean, back in the 40s, that was the move.
You know what I mean?
But now, nobody...
I could use the word salarian, but you're going for financial interests?
Mercenary is what I meant, by the way.
Yeah, mercenary, I feel like...
I feel like that connotates bloodshed.
Well, I mean, you're perpetuating, first of all, the myth that it's possible to kill
a Japanese person, which it's not...
Which we found out...
Which we learned...
We fucking learned that hard way.
It's a lot of big weapons.
It is very difficult.
I think the Baton Death March taught us a lesson or two on that.
Well, by the way...
Well, I didn't want to go...
Nothing worse than the Baton...
Don't owe me on that, fucking...
Don't get mixed up between the Baton Death March and the Baton Dime March, which is when...
Guys, it's a callback.
UNICEF, UNICEF, everybody.
I honestly...
I'm trying to wrap it up.
I was Ziplining out.
Once you guys told me about the limitations where it's only one way...
They're asleep at this point.
It's just pumping fucking whatever LSD into the crowd right now.
I'm obsessed with the idea that I need to overcome the limitations that I'm being fenced in by,
because I'm thinking like, isn't Mount Fuji the highest elevated point somewhere outside...
The point is that you can't Zipline up hills, so you could start in a sense.
But you can't...
Wait, I'm saying it's my ending point.
Chuck Lorre, he can Zipline up hill.
I'm not thinking about who invented this.
Chuck Lorre uses two Ziplines, one for each way.
Whatever Chuck Lorre goes, any way he wants to go.
You guys are putting way too many parameters on Ziplining.
I am a good host, and here's proof we're moving on.
All right.
Oh, shit.
That's a perfect segue.
You know what?
The crowd applauds for moving on.
That means it's...
They're moving on.
Does that mean we can go home soon?
I just want to go home now.
I do just want to add that I would...
Since I don't want to waste a Zipline, my starting point would be wherever atheism was invented,
and I would take it to wherever Reddit is headquartered.
But I'm not doing that for, you know, approval.
Zipline effect.
All right. Next topic, Jews.
Yes.
Finally, the reason I came.
Do they exist?
Yes.
Have you seen the Jew footage from Hancock Park?
I saw it.
Is that a guy in a suit?
It's blurry. We don't know.
Also, I hate when people shoot...
Vertical.
Vertical iPhone.
By the way, if you see someone...
A policeman shooting a black guy, please shoot him.
Landscape it, motherfuckers.
He's not gonna kill another black guy above him.
That's the one place you know you don't...
Either way, I have to watch this killing on a fucking H.C.T.V.
I'm not a pauper.
I Zipline to Best Buy for my shit.
What do you think I am?
If we go to war with Mole Man or helicopter people...
Then escape it.
Even if it's a black.
The point is...
Say it then.
Perfect time to say it.
Listen, here's the reason I said that,
because I'm not scared of one black person who's in the UCB.
Now, if we were at some other kind of improv theater,
I may be frightened, but I've seen UCB blacks.
I can take them.
What is he doing?
Yes, and I can beat them up.
That's good.
Did you just challenge all UCB blacks to a fight?
Here's the thing, if you put the lights on here,
there's probably two black dudes in this whole fucking theater.
And you think they're both physically weaker?
That's your problem, not my problem.
You should hang out with more black people, assholes.
I have a lot of black friends.
You're just not here because you know it's Sunday.
You keep beating them up.
Because there's Zipline at all sorts of cool places.
Because some friends are the really rich blacks.
They went to Costco, they're going somewhere fun.
Yes, exactly.
These guys might hang out with all kinds of black people.
By the way, this is the thing that happens.
This is like a lot, the younger crowd's grown a lot.
They get really scared when you talk about shit.
That's like controversial.
Well, they get yelled at a lot.
They do get yelled at a lot.
That's not your fault.
You come from a generation of you can't say anything.
Which is great, because I think it's better that we're all exactly the same.
They have to deal with more...
I think we should kill culture.
That's what I think.
I think that Applebee...
I think Olive Garden should be Italian food, that's what I think.
Speaking of culture...
Whitewash culture, guys, that's a good call.
How do you segue?
Oh, no, don't...
I mean, because I'm telling you...
He's had half of it.
It'll hit you like a 20 minutes...
It hit him right before he started talking about black people.
No, I was...
This is all written.
It's just like...
I was talking about black people I wrote this a week ago.
I was just thrilled to have an opportunity.
Let's bring up...
This seems like a good time.
Let's bring up my beautiful wife, Erin.
Not that her beauty is the thing that makes her valuable.
Oh, boy.
Caveatime!
We're going to take that intro one more time.
Take two.
Intro of your wife.
20 minutes.
Let's bring up my autonomous collaborator
in marital life.
Who often
makes decisions
that have nothing to do with...
Fantastic decisions.
That always seem to make sense, even after the fact.
Erin McGathy!
CHEERING
MUSIC
All right, that's it. Thanks for coming.
Does that mic work?
Hi. Hi, guys.
I've been having a good time.
I don't know what...
I don't know what our situation is in terms of...
Usually, there's a clock and...
I got the clock.
You think we're close to having a role into playing?
We don't serve breakfast here, so we should go...
I just wanted to say,
when Dave Chappelle comes to the Comedy Center,
he's just at 3 in the morning.
Well, I mean, you know,
we don't want to get back into that area.
LAUGHTER
The...
First of all, you've been sitting there for
an hour and a half.
Do you get any little zingers up your sleeve?
My ass is hard as a rock.
Yeah!
Like a 12-year-old.
UCB Blacks is my favorite
Herald team.
LAUGHTER
And I'd
zip-line into the Grand Canyon
because it sounds like the zip-lines
pointless for travel and commerce.
But it would be cool
to fly into the Grand Canyon.
LAUGHTER
CHEERING
That's why...
That's why the show
shouldn't have always been men the entire time.
I would arrange...
You know how you can write a donkey
up and down the Grand Canyon?
They're human beings.
No, no, no, no.
Some are actual donkeys.
I thought you were talking about...
I would write a park ranger.
Never mind.
If I had a zip-line, I would give my zip-line
to a donkey so he could go up and down.
You want to drink this, too?
It's good. I know it's good, but it's dangerous.
It's only just twice as strong
as vodka. It's like
taking two drinks of vodka.
It's not that simple.
It is not.
It feels like I had just
four sips of vodka.
I don't want to fight about this, and you do.
I'd love to.
I won't let you.
Jeff, I feel like
you were insisting on that question
because you really wanted someone to ask you.
No, no, I just...
Oh, where would you, Jeff?
I'm sure Jeff has
an answer that's like the piazza
by the Colosseum
that notes me
where they make my special
drink. I would go...
I would make a zip-line from your dad's house
to Dan's mom's pussy.
Don't...
Wait, does that mean you...
Does that mean...
I heard the traffic on that one.
I bet it was in Venice.
They make...
The perfect Negroni there.
Dan.
I did not have...
I don't want to be a dick, but I just looked at
fucking Waze's zip-line, and the traffic
to your mom's pussy is backed up.
Yeah, but a lot of people
falsely report that to see if they can
hack the system.
Every time I zip-line into your mom's pussy, Chuck
Lloyd's right in front of me every fucking time.
Yeah, boy, that guy,
he takes his time.
Are you zip-lining from my dad's house because you're gonna fuck my dad?
Oh!
I have joke.
I think in my mind, I've just fucked your dad.
I could refresh myself a little bit
of Dan's mom's pussy.
I didn't follow that, but...
Do you think it would be gross?
For the record, I approve of everything he just said.
And I approve of
social progress at atheism.
At New York.
What a bold sense.
And IFC and UCB.
And just not UNICEF.
You're brave, man.
I take brave stances.
Joe, can we talk...
Can we talk about the young East Village?
Dan, this is neither the time nor the place.
Can we talk just a little bit?
Without Jesus and what he means to everybody
for a second?
Maybe to close your legs for a second,
you man-spreading fucking horse.
He's so drunk.
You never heard about man-spreading?
That's a big thing in New York.
You can't do this on the subway.
Oh, yeah, I remember that.
New York has literally made balls illegal.
You can't, you have to sit like this.
Regardless of how elephant-ly
large your balls are,
you can't do this because maybe you have problems.
But you also can't do that
if you're any gender.
It's more...
I'm sorry, in the summertime,
my balls dangle to a place where this is the only way
I can sit.
Deal with it, assholes, okay?
I'm a cisgender straight male
with large balls.
Do I not have rights anymore?
Yeah, they can't handle it.
They can't deal with it.
They're like, I don't know, our generation has small balls.
This show is brought to you by Absence.
Your reaction to Absence
has made you into an incredible volatile lunatic.
It's about time we talked about my balls.
It's really great.
I read the web. I know what people want to talk about.
It's bringing the wrong Belushi out of you.
Wait, is there a line?
Is there a right Belushi?
Yes, there is.
Did Jim Belushi the correct Belushi to be?
No. Oh, God.
No, that Jim Belushi is the one you become.
But with the other ones dead,
I feel like there's no good Belushi in this story.
Oh, well, if you think dead people are bad.
Yes, I do.
That's not a brave stance.
They can't defend themselves.
Rory, did you know that Kool-Aid used to have a different name?
That's true.
This is not a bit.
Wait, who did?
Abe Lincoln.
Kool-Aid.
Why did I hear Abe Lincoln?
Because you're writing on the show about history.
Right now I'm doing that?
No, I brought up Abe Lincoln.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Abe Lincoln freed the slaves.
Black people like Kool-Aid, I get it. Go ahead.
It's a connection that she made.
I didn't make that connection.
I just want to say, I just want to say,
I think the UCB Blacks is a great team,
but I think that their third beats are really weak.
When you're going to see them.
Yeah, you see?
That's what they do to you, these people.
They love you and then they fucking hate you.
No, no.
By the way, I used to have a joke about the Kool-Aid man.
You guys wrote about the Kool-Aid man in my stand-up bag.
Give it to Jonestown Massacre.
You did a bit about it?
Yes, but you did stand up and have the massacre?
No, because the Kool-Aid massacre, they all drank
Kool-Aid flavorade.
And then the whole point was the Kool-Aid man bust through
and was like, oh, no.
And then you see, that's what he says.
Oh, no, yeah.
But Jonestown, people who like the history,
you get that one.
If you don't like that joke,
it's because you haven't read enough.
That's your fault, because that's a good joke.
Because reading a big, thick,
dense academic book
is the only way
to know
that Jonestown and Kool-Aid
are dots you can connect.
Hey, guys.
Guys, take your zipper out of my stand-up bag.
It's low elevation.
You'll get there very fast.
It's right below the ground.
It's ground zero, comedically.
It's where the action is.
Kool-Aid
was invented
in 1920.
It's true.
No, this is not a bit.
When you guys were talking about Kool-Aid,
I got a little bored and I Googled Kool-Aid.
It's a good show.
It's a great show.
I didn't get bored.
I was just interested in Kool-Aid.
And it's funny because you said,
when you made the joke about,
oh, you guys will look it up later,
and I was looking it up,
and as you were saying, you'll look it up later.
Anyway, it was originally called
fruit smack.
And it was only changed in the 50s.
Fruit smack.
But then they found out
that that's what Hitler's first
schlieffen plan was called.
Before he...
You have to take it all the way
to the turn left
when you hit the channel.
If your right foot hits the English channel,
it's called operation fruit smack.
Also, on the Kool-Aid site,
when you're Googling,
and it has a blurb, the first text from the site,
and it said,
Kool-Aid was invented by a great, kind,
wonderful man.
He's very defensive.
I think he may have hit someone with those cards.
That sounds like Steven Seagal's page.
Oh, my God.
Go treat yourself.
Go to Steven Seagal's IMDB page
and read his biography.
It's like,
well, yeah.
My IMDB page is so,
like, absolutely fallacious.
I think I'm dating the Grand Duchess Anastasia
from 1918, like Jefferson Davis, probably.
No, me.
It's like, who writes it?
That must be terrible to have people
care so much about your career
that they're making up stuff.
What?
Where would you zipline?
By the way,
for my Teen Wolf fans out there,
I want you to know that Season 5
is going to be a real doozy.
Get ready
for some wolves fucking
and some
werewolves
turning into wolves and fucking wolves.
It's going to be good.
You promised at the Austin Television Festival
you wouldn't go there.
Dan,
look,
as Jeff Davis,
that creator of Teen Wolf,
the people think I am,
I'm going to give the people what they fucking want,
and what the people want is wolves fucking.
It's going to be doggy style.
Mr. Davis,
what do you call the show when he turns 20?
Wolf.
That's our show, everybody.
Oh, that may be your show,
but mine requires
a little bit more.
Now, Dan, look, we started off...
That's my...
It requires my weird cigar box dick.
Dan.
I don't believe in astrology as such,
but I do know that if you describe a Libra,
you describe me very well, I believe in balance.
We started off the show
with you doing a very poor rap,
and I think we've gone through
a couple good ones.
I think the only way to end the show,
because we must, because we just got the...
We don't have time to...
We flew Spencer out to...
You guys have been on stage for eight hours.
My interpreter this time, that guy gave us
more. They love it.
He was giving a high five.
He's like, you know what, just drag the show
across my throat. It's so good.
It's curing my...
My lymphatic cancer.
Don't stop.
Never stop.
Five more years.
You're massaging my throat with your great show.
My room is 555.
You're just drawing the cancer out of my lung.
I just love that.
Making an inhuman neck.
Giraffe.
You know, in the audience right now,
there are people that have never heard the podcast
and don't know what the show is.
Giraffe the show, if you're not happy with that,
fucking kill yourself. Giraffe the show.
Giraffe the show.
Don't really...
Rory.
Rory, take it.
Rory, you're first, baby.
I don't know how to rap.
Rory.
Don't tell me to get really racist.
East to the south, to the street, to the hat.
I fucked your mama.
My name was that guy.
That fucks your mama.
And then, I came all in a llama.
Sometimes I go to easy places for a rhyme,
but I won't say that I fucked your mama
in the word time because time rhymes
with rhyme and everyone knows that,
but I fucked your mama so hard and she lost her hat.
Then I helped her find it
in a mall. She couldn't find it.
She was in a toilet stall,
but your mama doesn't poop, so we don't know why.
And then I fucked your daddy in his eye.
Meta.
Yo, got a socket for an eye.
You can fuck him right in the eye.
When I really fucking hold his head,
I put my dick in his fucking eye hole.
Yeah, what?
What?
Just a copper pot.
I'm just damning people from going here.
Erin McGathy, I'm the mic.
You guys are wasted on some
absence and I'm sitting here like
a perfect nymph because
when I spread my legs
on the subway, it's a party.
It's a foul.
Thank you for coming to Hurray Town, you guys.
That's been our three-hour show. We love you so much.
Rory Albanese, am I saying that right?
How do you say it? Albanese.
Albanese.
Hey, Albanese.
You're the fight that Dan and I will have later.
Dan Horbin on I am sick.
It is dedicated to you.
Shane, forgetting everybody absolutely murdered on Napson.
You're in the Gathey, Spencer Crittenden,
and I'm Jeff Davis.
Dan Harmon, your mayor, everybody.
Go, Erin, go.
Tabith.
Yo, yo, yo.
Secret track.
You thought I was gone, but now I'm back.
Secret track, you cannot leave.
You can never, ever leave.
You have to stay.
Secret track, new podcast.
This one's just 20 minutes long, but it's like
Talking Dead.
Yo, yo, yo.
What was that episode about?
Well, we're here live after watching that episode,
and it was pretty fucking weird.
My name is Chris Hardware.
Door prizes, bottle openers,
random words.
Flowers.
This is the most exercise Dan gets, you guys.
All right, thank you.
I hope to see some of you at the taping on Wednesday
if you were able to make it in there.
Rory Albanese, I don't know why I'm re-ending the show.
Thank you, Jeff.
Thank you, everybody.
Sorry if I didn't get to play the game.
Did you get any of that?
No, I didn't.